whoa
oh yeah
Oh
what's going on guys this is Jim pic
here and this was greasy sweet 55 this
was another Grilli cool week I only
ended up doing a top-five because I was
doing it today and I don't have that
much time because I have to go to work
and last night I went to a concert with
a bunch of friends which was really
awesome i'm going to be posting a whole
bunch of videos up on my channel soon it
was a bear tooth and silverstein concert
so it was Silverstein's anniversary at
ten years from there one album so
they've been together for like 15 years
but that was really cool to be able to
be there and I was front row center so
I'm gonna have a lot of video for you
guys I wasn't able to do like a top 10
because I needed a little bit more time
so i did a top five but i hope you guys
really enjoyed this coming in at number
one was still in there realest sorry he
got that awesome seven spin there on aw
I don't know how he does it but he's
been getting a lot of Awesome clips and
he just won again this week he won the
previous week as well so just check out
the sorry I'm not really feeling my
career right now but just check out that
a trick shot that he did there's a lot
of awesome ones it was really even worse
tough to break them like her the top
five because it's a lot smaller too so
but awesome job man you're going to be
getting the prize this week of the
sniper control freaks and there I'm just
gonna give you a bunch of G fuel sample
because I'm literally in the middle of
trying to get like a new teacher and
stuff and I know like most of the people
that send in still already won probably
so they already have the other t-shirt
too so I'm trying to figure out
something for that but I'm in like the
middle of figuring that out so you're
just gonna get a bunch of chief you I
hope that's okay
and I hope you enjoy it man once again I
think that it's really difficult to get
G feel right now so it's a win-win so
either way if you guys can please hit me
up on all the social media follow me on
Twitter and all that jazz like it really
helps check out my dad's band and shoe
racks huge thanks to them for sponsoring
my channel and providing music for other
series also please check out doom
sniping and doom aces the leader I'm
pretty sure like he's done the greasiest
montage you told me that he is use just
gonna render it or whatnot so I'm still
waiting for him to send it to me but I'm
guessing it's going to be up in the next
few days I kind of wanted to put it up
on a Saturday but I kind of want to keep
doing the top place consistently because
I kind of fall back a week so i'll
probably just slop it up during the week
and I'm really pumped for that because I
know that you guys are really gonna like
that as we're gonna get a lot of
attention not only for the series and me
but for him as well for doing it so I
can't wait for that also if there's
information on the street if you want to
send in next week I have like a million
people sending in to me now especially
because i've been doing the Twitter ads
all the time so it's really awesome like
I was already getting a lot of people
sending things but now it's like double
and it's just insane so I appreciate you
guys sending in to me and checking out
what I do and like the top plays in
general I'm glad that's helping you guys
and it's giving
something to go towards well so if you
want to send it to me like clubs to me
send them to any social media that I
have it's easiest for you and then I'm
gonna be leaving you guys with two
videos on the screen so one of them like
was a wrestling video that I just did
the other day I gotta move like a long
kind of new old wrestling game was 2012
and a lot of you guys were so telling me
like why did you get that and all that
it's just because there's a lot of
people that liked it and like I you used
to like classic wrestling and all that
and just like the good stuff like Jeff
Hardy and like the ladder matches and
junk like some of John Morrison's like
parkour and like older classic stuff as
well but I just played it for fun
because the video games are pretty fun
too so I slapped it up and a lot of
people liked it did basically as good as
breezy asst so I'm thinking about
putting them up now and then not a lot
but it obviously it's doing well so it's
kind of a good thing so I hope you guys
kind of like that I might do some
commentaries on it the first one I just
put up was like a non commentary but
then also if you guys want to check out
the last greasiest and you enjoyed this
one like if you want a longer one last
week was a top ten so please check that
out as well hope you guys enjoyed this
if you did please leave a comment and
the like down below just tell me what
you thought and what you liked what you
could be different and like if you want
to see like the full potential of the
pathways make sure you please check the
last week I'm sorry that I couldn't make
it like the best this week but I hope
you guys still liked it so have a great
rest of your weekend guys